[Music]
realism is the practice of accepting a
situation as it is what you're saying is
what you see is what you get but what
you see is not what I hear they call me
lucky President Roosevelt escaped as a
hundred year old tortoise escaped I hope
it turns up soon for Howard sake I got
this anxiety attack I fell lucky fell
down that's no big a production out of
it no sign of concussion ones are great
even though you smoke you get much
exercise I walked around all the time I
do five yoga exercises every day nice
outfit there cowboy scared to death as
particulars nothing out there it's all
black avoid this jhamora appassionato
on dr. Volvo ratar-o portable there
secure yummy kids lucky know that I'm
totally sure
[Music]
you know most people don't get to where
you are it never gets the moment that
you're in right now we have the ability
to witness what you're going through
and clearly examining I know the truth
and the truth matters and you have to
face that and accept it there are some
things in this universe ladies and
gentlemen that are bigger than all of it
and our TARDIS is one of them and very
good today you get one of these what I
do it is to get of my eyes how about you
just stop it
[Music]
[Applause]